[ANCHOR-206] chore: add docker-compose files to launch services using containers. (#819)
stellar/java-stellar-anchor-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
## 1.2.12

> * Add docker-compose files to run e2e tests with containers

Reviewer: We do more than add docker-compose files. Do you think you may modify this?

Author: Updated to include information about Github workflows and automation of e2e tests

# Changelog
## 1.2.12

> * Add docker-compose files to run e2e tests with containers and update Github Actions and Makefile to run automated e2e tests when merging new features to branch main.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added Docker Compose files to facilitate the running of end-to-end tests with containers. Updated GitHub Actions and Makefile to automatically execute e2e tests upon merging new features into the main branch.
```

Reviewer: by chatGPT 🤣
